[docs] Fix typo in Joy UI's `AspectRatio` docs (#33895)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/aspect-ratio/aspect-ratio.md

Its default implementation combines `height: 0px` with percentage `padding-bottom` to properly accomodate the content.

:::info

> **Note:** A [native CSS `aspect-ratio`property](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/aspect-ratio) already exists but we're not using it yet due to limited browser support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** A [native CSS `aspect-ratio` property](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/aspect-ratio) already exists but MUI is not using it yet due to limited browser support.
```

> Once that increases significantly, we'll switch over to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the support increases significantly, MUI will switch over to it.
```
